#summary foo_httpcontrol building guide

It is possible to build the component with MSVC++ and even MSVC++ Express (you have to acquire ATL headers and libraries somewhere though). Solution file in VS2010 format is supplied.

Check out svn to "Build" directory. It will be considered as root of the project.

You need to download additional dependencies:
 * [http://www.foobar2000.org/?page=SDK foobar2000 SDK] (SDK.zip from now on)
 * [http://wtl.sourceforge.net/ Windows Template Library] (WTL.zip from now on)
 * [http://www.zlib.net/ Z-Lib compression Library] (zlib.zip from now on)

Extract the following files to the following places:
 * SDK.zip to Build/foo_httpcontrol/lib
 * WTL.zip to Build/foo_httpcontrol/lib/wtl
 * zlib.zip to Build/foo_httpcontrol/lib/zlib 

MSVC++ Express 2010 only: acquire and put ATL headers to Build/foo_httpcontrol/lib/atlmfc/include, and atls*.lib to Build/foo_httpcontrol/lib/atlmfc/lib.

Supplied project files are suitable for Microsoft Visual Studio 2008. For other MSVS versions you have to convert or create them from scratch by yourself.

Open Build/foo_httpcontrol/foo_httpcontrol.sln in MSVS.

Switch solution configuration to whatever you need: Debug or Release.

Open foobar2000_ATL_helpers project properties (right click on the name). Go to Configuration Properties/C/C++/Addidional Include Directories.
Add Build/WTL/include to the list.

For zlibstat.lib to link correctly, you have to remove ZLIB_WINAPI preprocessor definition in zlibstat project properties (Configuration properties/C/C++/Preprocessor). Also note that Release version of zlibstat requires assembler, so make sure to choose individual Release-Without-Asm configuration for zlibstatproject if you don't have one.

Here you go, ready to build - use Build/Build solution menu command. After a short while you'll have the foo_httpcontrol.dll in Build/foo_httpcontrol/Release or Build/foo_httpcontrol/Debug directory.
