#summary foo_httpcontrol supported commands

<wiki:toc max_depth="3" />

= Syntax =

Command syntax: `http://>ip<[:<port>]/<?cmd=Command[&param1=param 1[&param2=param 2]][&param3=param 3]>`

= Commands list =

== Playback ==

=== `Stop` ===

Stop playback.

=== `Start` ===

Start playback in active playlist.

  * param1=playlist item starting from 0.

=== `PlayOrPause` ===

Resume or pause playback.

=== `StartRandom` ===

Start playback of random item in active playlist.

=== `StartPrevious` ===

Start playback of previous item in active playlist.

=== `StartNext` ===

Start playback of next item in active playlist.

=== `Volume` ===

Set volume level, in percent.
  * param1=volume level, 0...100

=== `VolumeDelta` ===

Change volume level by given delta, in percent.
  * param1=signed delta, -N...N

=== `VolumeDB` ===

Set volume level, in dB.
  * param1=volume level, 0...665 (0...-66.5 db), or 1000 to mute

=== `VolumeDBDelta` ===

Change volume level by given delta, in db.
  * param1=signed delta, -N...N (-N/10...N/10 db)

=== `Seek` ===

Seek playing item, by percent.
  * param1=position, from 0 to 100

=== `SeekDelta` ===

Seek playing item by given delta, in seconds
  * param1=signed delta

=== `PlaybackOrder`  ===

Change playback order (Default, Repeat (Playlist), Repeat (Track), Random, Shuffle (tracks), Shuffle (Albums), Shuffle (Folders)).
  * param1=order number, from 0 to 7

=== `SAC` ===

Change stop after current flag (if stop after current feautre is enabled in component preferences).
 * param1=0 or 1

== Playback Queue ==

=== `QueueItems` ===

Put active playlist items to playback queue.
 * param1=item indexes separated by any delitemeter

=== `QueueAlbum` ===

Queue album.
 * param1=item index album search starts from (focused item is used if param1 is omitted)

=== `QueueRandomItems` ===

Queue random items in active playlist.
 * param1=item count

=== `DequeueItems` ===

Remove specified active playlist items from playback queue.
 * param1=item indexes separated by any delitemeter

=== `FlushQueue` ===

Flush queue completely.

== `Playlist` ==

=== `EmptyPlaylist` ===

Empty active playlist.

=== `Del` ===

Delete one or more playlist items.
 * param1=item numbers separated by any delitemeter
 * param2=optionally specifies playlist index

=== `Undo` ===

Undo changes made to playlist backed up by restore point.
 * param1=optionally specifies playlist index

=== `Move` ===

Move one or more active playlist items.
 * param1=item numbers separated by any delitemeter
 * param2=signed move delta

=== `SetSelection` ===

Set playlist selection.
 * param1=item numbers separated by any delitemeter, empty to remove selection, ~ to select all
 * param2=optionally specifies playlist index

=== `SwitchPlaylist` === 

Switch playlist.
 * param1=playlist index

=== `SwitchPlaylistPage; P` ===

Switch playlist page.
 * param1=page index

=== `PlaylistItemsPerPage` ===

Set number of playlist items per page.
 * param1=number of playlist items per page, limited to 16384

=== `SetFocus` ===

Set focus to specific item of active playlist.
 * param1=item index

=== `FocusOnPlaying` ===

Set focus to playing item.

=== `RemovePlaylist` ===

Removes specified playlist.
 * param1=playlist index

=== `CreatePlaylist` ===

Creates playlist.
 * param1=playlist name
 * param2=insertion point index

=== `RenamePlaylist` ===

Renames playlist.
 param1=playlist name
 param2=playlist index

=== `PlayingCommand` ===

Executes context menu command specified in param1 for currently playing item.
 * param1=case sensitive context menu path. for example: Playback Statistics/Rating/3

=== `SelectionCommand` ===

Executes context menu command specified in param1 for currently selected (or specified list of) items of active playlist. Note that running playlist-specific commands like Remove, Crop, etc is not possible.
 * param1=case sensitive context menu path, for example: Playback Statistics/Rating/3
 * param2=item indexes separated by any delimeter (optional)

=== `Sort` ===

Sorts active playlist or its specified items using sort pattern.
 * param1=sort pattern
 * param2=item indexes separated by any delimeter (optional)

== File operations ===

=== `Browse` ===

Browse directory.
 * param1=urlencoded path

To add specified directory to active playlist, use:
 * param2=EnqueueDir

To add specified directory and its subdirectories to active playlist, use:
 * param2=EnqueueDirSubdirs

== Media Library ==

=== `SearchMediaLibrary; Search` ===

Search media library.
 * param1=search query

=== `QueryAdvance` === 

Query media library.
 * param1=search query

=== `QueryRetrace` === 

Step back in media library query.

== Misc ==

=== `Parse` ===

Parse specified string.
 * param1=string to parse and return

=== `RefreshPlayingInfo` ===

Update helper macros.

=== `CmdLine` ===

Execute foobar2000 with specific command-line parameters.
 * param1=command-line parameters

= Notes =

Adding param3=NoResponse to any request suppresses any result output.

Adding param3=templatefile uses specified file templatefile as a template to generate output.

All indexes and numbering are start from 0.

Don't forget to urlencode request values!